here is beautiful 34 and a half pounder
from dr. honaker in France caught on a
leg clip set up with that all-important
dark matter reach even behind I'll slip
it back and give you a bit of sneak peek
okay we've got a couple of neat little
new products to show you now these are
coming out fresh in 2011 both of these
items come under the heading of the Dark
Matter range
they're both tungsten products and
they're both designed to keep your
tackle nailed down to the like bed now
Tom here has been a key member of the
product development team for some time
now and he's taken these products under
his wing and has been developing them
for quite some time tasting the last
prototypes and what you really do is
interesting now aren't you final yeah I
mean I've been using them properly for
the last few months anyway and they're
brilliant okay well I'm really excited
about these as you reach especially
right okay well let's have a look at
this Sosa's dark-matter anti-tangle tube
yeah yeah exactly it's the same as your
normal rich ever use it behind your lid
you can see where everything Kuwait or
around your hook by area right there's
two different colors of brown and a
green so I guess I'm just like going
there I mean Cordura so strong one color
aren't they no they're not just like a
brown and a grain has been plucked out
there and I take an eye just to get a
color right especially bit of tungsten
as well because he's obviously dark when
it starts and it's hard to get that
light color okay he's just about perfect
okay so what would you say the key
things about so I can see straight
weight is very supple very very supple
for a tungsten chime item on the market
that are very stiff and ya don't follow
the contours of the bottom so yeah
that's it I mean for the guys watching
that is gonna if you just drop that
slack over over some stones or something
that he's just gonna follow the contours
isn't it it's just gonna look at that
okay so very very soft and supple so if
you've got any kind of deviations in
your lake bed so actually looking at
that now I'd be quite confident using
quite a long length yeah yeah you can do
I'm not using all the moments I'm
fishing so far out right but you can do
yeah because it does seem so well and
it's also really tough as well and it
doesn't break apart a lot of them at the
moment you sort of get they'll get
caught in weed and break apart you'll
end up with two or three bits up your
line absolutely
but this is so stiff that it doesn't do
that so strong so strong so all right
now what about the thread ability of
it's on
some of the other ones on the market
again can be quite difficult to thread
the line yeah again we've tried and
tried and tried to get this right and
now it's perfect the line goes for it
really does yeah okay all right well I
mean that's one other question I wanted
to ask actually cuz you've been using
this timeout is it because it is so
dense and heavy adds it affect the cast
know if you use it in a limb fly that
obviously if you use it six foot it
would though because it's because it's
so heavy burden you don't need to use it
that long as whole if you was fishing a
like maybe that had a leg call ban would
you think maybe using a long like to two
lengths if you feel the need to use it
long then you brilliant way of nailing
everything down if he's fishing any age
wouldn't yeah okay nice excellent okay
the other product under the dark matter
banner is the putty tungsten party again
this is a bit special Tom Tychus it
easier it's a very very heavy tungsten
tungsten pay now maybe use it might it's
heavier than anything else on the mark
at the moment anything else is out there
is heavier okay it's easier to mold it
comes in two different colors this is
the green and the brown is exactly the
same as that we haven't got one here
okay but again they're the same colors
for each each item nice I said it's very
heavy easy to mold you can use it in
those different situations up you hook
clean just a just a single hook link or
rub it up and down the braid hook link
to get it to up inside the braid
yeah make it nice and heavy and to wrap
around you your shots pop up rigs okay
and you just going back onto the how
easy it is to use I mean patties that
are easy to sort of mold into like a
seamless do you know if some of them
don't sort of float together don't know
and I've noticed I've seen some of your
rigs this really it multicam yeah and
not only that it works really well I
mean it must be 30 degrees here and it's
it's no sticky and that's the thing it
you can you can use it when it's boiling
hot hasn't gone nice and or horrible and
sticky yeah and in the winter it doesn't
go rock hard so he can't use you have to
put on your kettle was just a complete
nightmare and it's oh yeah nicely
so there you go two great tackle box
essentials coming your way in 2011 both
under the dark matter heading to great
tungsten products and it's worth
reiterating that the company name is
Calder developments and sometimes will
bring brand new products to you that
have never been seen before
other times will take existing product
areas enhance them and develop them so
they're better for you guys and for your
fishing
in my opinion these products come under
that kind of scope you've got tungsten
tubing and tungsten putty that have both
been taken to a new level and improved
that both be coming your way in 2011
and another one from the long spot again
using the dark matter like I said we've
cut take its line I've cut the dark
matter tubing right down so I can get
the distance I want to and this really
seems to be working at the moment let's
just say we can get this in and show you
what it looks like not happy at all
you the man how about that and
immaculately with 22-pound crazy Nick
we're a carp
caught using both of the new Dark Matter
products a foot length of the tubing
right behind the lead and a nice little
dub of party art and hooklink just to
make sure everything's pinned down
around the rig area beautiful